inflation it's the invisible Thief
robbing your wallet right now and you
think you're safe think again even if
you're pulling in six figures you are
feeling the squeeze in the next 10
minutes I'm going to show you exactly
why your money is disappearing faster
than ever and what to do about it this
isn't just another Finance video that
you see across YouTube it is a wakeup
call let's begin you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video we are going to look at
what's been happening and really start
to break down down and what it means for
you we got this election coming here
everybody's stressing out about it
because oh if this guy gets in or if
that guy gets in what's going to happen
to me well I'm here to tell you that it
doesn't matter who comes in or who
doesn't you have to be in the right
position so that you can take advantage
of the circumstance that's going on
right now you're seeing this McDonald's
$5 value meal intensifies a fast food
price War what does this mean it means
that what used to be you know five bucks
you can get some food no problem now we
have to struggle to make ends meet and a
lot of this is something people didn't
have to deal with just a few years ago
you got that at the same time Wall
Street well Nvidia is going up certain
stocks are rising very high but not
everybody is feeling the benefit of
what's happening on Wall Street and not
all companies in fact in fact we have
some like Nike now why would Nike be
fallen everyone's got this disposable
income everyone's got so much cash right
not exactly Nike Falls most since 2001
on weaker full year outlook it's Nike
you go down the street you see everybody
wearing Nike shoes you look at their
products they're you know endorsing all
kinds of athletes I mean they're doing
well right well apparently not and
they're not the only one look it's not
just apparel companies General Mills
stock Falls after Revenue Miss and soft
guidance profit beat is offset in a more
challenging operating environment and
I'm pulling up this is the actual
General Mills website and you could see
that quote more challenging operating
environment okay coming directly from
the CEO and so you know that this is
affecting everybody at all levels we're
not just seeing this with one company in
one industry one sector no no no this is
widespread and people just don't have
the cash that they did before even high
income earners worried about making ends
meet and this goes I've shown you the
stats before yes we've seen it doesn't
matter if you're making 100,000 if
you're making 150,000 in this case your
high income being 150,000 that depends
on where you live uh but you could see
the same thing they're cutting spending
we we know we don't need to go this
place we don't need to go on that
vacation these things are happening
right now today for so many people right
and uh like I said just because that guy
down the street appears to be okay oh
he's got the nice car he's seemingly
live in large but a lot of that is based
on what happened before before not So
Much Anymore while your Starbucks
frappuccino is now half price coffee
chain uh known for their premium Brews
is pumping out more deals to woo price
sensitive customers and this is the
thing that they're all having to do
right now these might be you know in a
position where they're a lost leader or
maybe their profit margins are super
slim you know you got to think about it
yeah Starbucks making good money
charging whatever it is $7 for something
that doesn't cost very much um you got
to understand that when you include all
of the other overhead that they have the
employees that minimum wage keeps Rising
when you have electricity and energy
bills a lot of small businesses during
2020 when the gas prices were Rising um
people's you know they they were
operating their ovens they were
operating their stoves they they
literally couldn't pay the bills so they
said it was actually better for us to
just stay closed and that is
heartbreaking right for a lot of small
businesses and I'm sure to some degree
that affects the big businesses as well
right I'm not trust me I'm not shedding
a tear for Starbucks um not really a fan
but um just trying to explain that
what's happening like what what's going
on why why is this happening we're going
to get to that we will get to that this
is talking about Dollar Tree now this is
a quote okay from the CEO this year
across 3,000 stores we expect to expand
our multi- price assortment by over
three 100 items okay so they're getting
more stuff
at price points ranging from a150 so the
dollar is gone it's no longer Dollar
Tree it's $150 tree up to
$7 now that $7 item it's you know not
the thing that used to be let's say 99
I'm sure they're getting a lot more
intricate things more more expensive
things cost more to
manufacture $7 though okay we are in a
very different world Dollar Tree weighs
sale of in Family Dollar discount stores
they are getting rid of a lot of these
places apparently hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds of these stores they're not
performing why because you've got the
like the the lowest of the low end of uh
pricing it's hard to compete it's hard
to keep the lights on all right and that
brings me to this what is this all about
well it's all about Jerome Powell it's
all about all of the these central banks
and I want to I want to talk about that
for a second you know you have seen a
devaluation of the currency and sure we
can sit here and we can complain and we
can try to make change at the highest of
the high level we can phone Our member
of Congress Member of Parliament and we
could try to make change on that level
uh that could work could work uh it
doesn't seem to work uh because as the
years go on look at in the case of the
Federal Reserve since 1913 we have seen
a consistent destruction of the value of
your currency right and what has
happened let's be very
clear uh anybody who bought a house 10
years ago when we look at price to
income ratio they're better off than the
people today what about those who bought
their house 30 years ago they're better
they off than people today and the
people 10 years ago and so on and so
like as time moves on it's getting worse
and worse and worse so the average
person the young people I feel for the
young people the really young people
that are you know just they're in
University College uh maybe they're
still in school to some degree and
they're on like within the next few
years they'll be on the way out or or
just they're just out
now uh how are they ever going to afford
a home in fact in many cities how can
they ever afford rent I was just talking
to somebody today as I record this
video and you know the guy works just a
regular job probably making minimum wage
plus tips and he was telling me that you
know I think maybe it's best not to be
here not to be in an expensive city
because you know I literally can't make
ends meat and his situation is not
unique his situation is one of many and
like I said it's not just about those
who are making minimum wage it's about
everybody because what happens as soon
as you get a little bit more well you
tend to spend a little bit more that's
usually what people do and they think
everything's okay until the cost of that
borrowing you know the ownership as we
call it just becomes too expensive too
much of a burden that's what's going on
it's the devaluation so stick with look
at what happens when you do that over a
long period of time this is the Japanese
currency that has continued to weaken we
haven't seen these levels since the
insanity back in the 80s for
Japan and this is a big deal because it
is constantly regarded oh Japan is so
successful at printing money no they're
not and now the currency is being
consistently devalued look it's at 160
as I record this video or at least when
the chart was produced and it wasn't
long ago where it was at 100 so as this
goes on the people feel the burden and
why because they refused to just admit
the problem pull that band-aid and let
it ride okay now you can look around the
world and you know some places are worse
than others some places are doing well
you could see in in the case of
Singapore the residential property index
I wanted to show you
something there are places in the world
where you get these extremes it's
suddenly this city you know during 2020
it was very popular where some of these
cities that should never have gotten
these skyrocketing you know prices that
that happened and then of course we
could have the reverse we don't want
that we want a slow and steady rise we
want the money to just flow in not like
during the '90s and the Asian crisis
where this HP money was flooding in
destroys Thailand right we don't want
you don't want that you want a nice slow
and steady gain all the time if there's
a little setback it's kind of just like
goes sideways and then it continues
upward that's healthy but we don't
usually get that okay we get asset
bubbles the biggest asset bubbles in
history you could see that and that's
what's going on today they are blowing
bubbles bigger and bigger and you have
are the victim in this scenario they
devalue the currency guess who wins it's
the richest of the rich it's those who
own the printing press and those who are
connected they are the
shareholders of the Central Bank okay so
of course there are things that you can
do there are actions that you can take
and I want you to know that you better
get your stuff in order or you're going
to be steamrolled you got to understand
that this history proves
what I'm suggesting to you today they
are devaluing the currency yeah we can
fight for that $5 McDonald's sandwich
okay if you if you must uh but what's
Happening Here is a like a
very take it for what it is okay this is
not subjective this is happening and if
you don't get your stuff together you're
going to be in big trouble actions that
you can take number one become more
selfs efficient or the second pillar as
I say the pillars of prosperity is get
more income how can you get more income
these are basic things I've talked about
it more you know a thousand times before
you got to upskill how can you upskill
there are many many resources you got
class Central which is one on Amazon's
own website you can look it up I've
shown it before on the channel machine
learning they have their own machine
learning course that you can take right
through Amazon directly if that's
something you're interested robotics
automation all that stuff um you could
you know start your own business that's
what I think you should do at least most
people in some capacity maybe like
you're a handy person you could start a
handyman business you could start a
grass cutting you could do landscaping
you could do tiles you could do anything
whatever it is make it happen Okay what
I teach people directly is on the f
Finance Friday I explained to people how
to take advantage of the things that are
happening in the financial world in the
economy on Sunday we talk about building
an online business from the ground this
there's unlike this is unlike anything
okay nobody teaches the way I teach it
and I get people from the ground and as
a group we help each other out okay it's
a small group over Zoom if you're
interested in that you got to be
interested in of course the online
business that's what it's all about um
and that's what I teach if you are like
hey I can't afford anything no worries
go to my YouTube channel scroll down
there's a lot of playlists with lots of
free stuff in there in the playlist I
purposely put those playlists together
lots of free stuff okay so take
advantage of that don't just go on the
next YouTube video no go into the
playlists or go to the link at the top
of this description the money gps.com
slive and you get on there and get
connected with me get in the group and I
wish you well don't let this steamroll
you you got to get out in front of it
okay this is very important I'll see you
next week take care